Let's begin by starting afresh fresh thinkers session.
The simplest way to retrieve the single model is to use the model classes static, find the method that
on the argument of this method is the idea of the model.
Let's see that in Tinker, currently, we should only have one record for the blog post at least.
So let's fetch it.
There it is.
Now you can do anything you need with this model, you can change Collum values, but if you do make
sure you call the model save method afterwards, you can call models, delete method to remove it.
Now, if you will specify that ID that does not exist, fine method returns null.
It's useful to know us then, if you want to check if model with a given idea exists, you can compare
the result of find to the null value.
Often your code will depend on model existing, for example, the page for displaying the blog post
assumes the post with the given I.D. does exist.
Instead of checking the find method result for the null value and then returning an error, you can
use the find or fail static method on the model.
It would throw an exception resulting in for a four page being shown for the user if the model does
not exist.
So let's check it out.
It, of course, works for the model that we have, but if I provide the wrong ID, there is the exception.